docs: deprecate exproto gateway (#3371)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/gateway/gateway.md

The Multi-Protocol Gateway supports protocols such as MQTT-SN, STOMP, CoAP, LwM2M, etc. It can be enabled and configured directly in the Dashboard or managed using the REST API or `base.hocon`. On how to enable these gateways and how to customize the settings to better suit your business needs, you can click the link below for details. 

> ::: warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: warning Important Notice
```

> ExProto Gateway is deprecated starting from EMQX `6.2.0` and is planned to be removed in `v7`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ExProto Gateway is deprecated as of EMQX 6.2.0 and is planned for removal in EMQX 7.
```
